What is this? What kind of messed up, screwed up person am I? Am I really?

I don't know. I just don't know. This is all way too much for me.

I mean, there's no fun anymore now. One is that my relationship and fun with Daddy has recently ended.

You know, I'm no artist, animator, filmmaker, writer, preschool teacher, YouTuber, famous person. Anything. And, you know, I just hate the 2020's so much. I really do. Same thing with autism, disabilities, social media, internet memes, bad behavior, crime, I hate them all so much. I really do.

I'm just a Colorado boy with autism who was born to this kind of family that's actually a loving, kind, and good family of mine that's supposed to be nothing wrong with at all. I love my life and family so much, but I shouldn't harm my own life or family at all. I really shouldn't. There's no need or cause for it. This has gone way too far for me. What happened to me last night I was so sad about. I really was.

I don't get what I want, but oh well, it is what it is. It's just a life. I hope so for that.

All of my favorite stuff are ruined, especially the SubGenius and the cartoon girls. It's over. It's completely over. They're gone. It's over. It's gone. They have nothing to do with me. I should have never gotten into any of those topics at all. And it's all my own fault. All of those topics were abusive and they messed  me up extremely big time.

There's a lot of bad and stupid things and mistakes I've made in the past and present, and I cannot stand every single bit of it anymore. I really can't. I hate it all so much you know. This family is not famous, at all. And Mimmy saying "K" and Daddy saying "Right" and everybody else doing the same shouldn't bother me at all. Mr. Ryan blew this whole thing up on me. He really did, and I should've known better and thought before all of this happened. Laradon is supposed to be helping me, and so are Mimmy, Dr. Klein, and Dr. Lauren, they're all here to help me. This is the first time Mimmy would ever call the Colorado crisis hotline on me last night. I just cannot believe it.

My talking's gotten better already. I'm getting better you know. I gotta sleep at 10PM every single night. There's nothing wrong with that. There really isn't. It's just my life and faimly and Mimmy tells me everything I gotta do, brushing my teeth, getting ready for Laradon, everything. And that's exactly what my own life should be. I don't think I ever want to try to be an artist ever again for the rest of my life anymore because I've had enough and it's way too much for me.

I don't want to die right now, I want to stay alive and be calm, quiet, and happy the way I'm supposed to be. The stupid Google Image Searches and Wikipedia vandalism of mine have to go. I hate it all so much, we all know that, don't we? I've failed many many times in the past, haven't I? And I've had enough of that too!

Remember what I said? Thank god Daddy's not here anymore, he's in Montana now and forever. Nowadays, he bothers me. I don't know why though. They just don't want me being who I wanted and doing what I want anymore. I just hate the 2020's so much. I really do. I don't like pop culture, history, social media, AI, any of this. I really don't. I'm not a kid anymore, I'm an adult now sadly. I'm tired of talking about every single one of this. And I'm 20 years old now. I understand everything though.

So what can we do to improve my life for the better to the way I like it best? Especially when I prefer to play on my computer calmly and quietly rather than using it loudly and inappropriately because I just don't like that at all. I don't know why I don't write this kind of stuff anymore, but there's gotta be something we can do to end all of this trauma once and for all because I hate it all so much. I just cannot stand this whole entire Trump era anymore. I just really can't.

What do you think, Mimmy?