About how Jackson Overfield's art started:

After I was born in 2005 to Mimmy, Daddy, and Raymie, I started to see Pee-Wee's Playhouse, The Wiggles, and Sesame Street on a DVD television and also started to learn my ABC's. Later as a little kid, I got my first computer, which I believe was a Windows XP. I would also get to know all the first then 44 U.S. Presidents from George Washington up to, at the time, then-current president Barack Obama.

In 2011 and 2012, when I turned 6 and 7 with the diagnosis of autism, anxiety, and ADHD, I started to discover GoAnimate (thanks to the forecoming GoAnimate gets grounded videos) and YouTube. I was in elementary school in Casper, Wyoming at the time. I also fell in love with logos at the time, Pep Boys, Manny, Moe and Jack, MGM, the claymation Pee-Wee Pictures end logo from Pee-Wee's Playhouse that used to be my "biggest nightmare ever", all logos designed by movie graphic designer Saul Bass, all of them.

After discovering Saul Bass online, I happened to come across another movie-related graphic designer, Pablo Ferro. And they both changed my life with love. That was also around the same time I had the big unexpected surprise of watching Stanley Kubrick's controversial classic A Clockwork Orange online too as well, making my anger and behavior worser than ever. There were also other infamous R-rated movies like Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, Natural Born Killers, Meet Wally Sparks, The Sunchaser, Sausage Party, and The Happytime Murders. In 2015 and 2016, I started internet trolling on YouTube making fun of people who change their icons under the username "O.K. Films Inc.". I don't do that anymore, it's been like 10 years now.

My interest in cartoon girls started sometime around 2014, 2015, and 2016, when I was in love with the old vintage Harvey Comics (Little Dot, Little Lotta, and Little Audrey) and some stuff that I saw on DeviantArt online. This was when I was living in Fairplay and Fort Morgan, Colorado. My interest in girls wearing tuxedos would also eventually start too as well. In 2017, the first time I saw The Ashleys fron Disney's Recess on the computer, it changed my life extremely big time and I fell in love big time too as well. This would lead to my cartoon girl and tuxedo girl drawings. The original DeviantArt Kickline girls that led to what became known as Alison, Chelsea, Candy, and Veronica did not come to me until 2018, and the Kanker Sisters from Ed, Edd n Eddy didn't come for me until 2020 either. There were also other sources like Goth Ghost Girl and The Cramp Twins. In 2020, I started liking Skullgirls, AtomicKingBoo, SupesArt, and other early cartoon girl sources.

In 2018, I got to know Hungry Pumkin, Clyde Bruckman, Logan Thirtyacre, and Michael Hemschoot. The biggest thing in 2018 in my life was when I came across the video of Monty Python's Terry Gilliam holding the Statue of David, fig leaf, and hand cut-outs on his hands and explaining how his Monty Python's Flying Circus animations were made. I wanted to do something like that too, and somehow I did. In 2024, Gilliam himself uploaded the full BBC footage and interview of the same video that had the Statue of David cut-outs onto his own YouTube account, which also completely changed my life too as well.

In 2019, I started getting into the then-current Wiggles with Emma (Tsehay, Evie, Caterina, and Lucia did not join until 2022 with Emma retiring) and the infamous parody religion the Church of the SubGenius, which featured two of my former past childhood heroes Pee-Wee Herman and Mark Mothersbaugh. Daddy loved that kind of stuff back in the day, and I did too.

In 2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic hit the whole entire world, and when my #1 most hated person of all time, Donald Trump, was still president at the time, I was still living in Denver and I started to be funny with the SubGenius making fun of Sesame Street characters and the Wiggles thanks to the SubGenius website I was on that they did kind of the same thing too as well. One character I created was Rev. Cowboy Baby Bear, inspired by a Baby Bear Sesame Street parody I saw on the SubGenius.com website. I went on DeviantArt making and uploading funny poop Rev. Cowboy Baby Bear images on to the website. This was kinda similar to Drew Pickles and the Barney Bunch. This would also lead to my infamous and terrible SleepyHollowGuy1999 Wikipedia and Wikimedia Commons vandalism later that same year and in 2021. Also in 2021, still living in Denver with a YouTube account, COVID-vaccinated, and some more stupid Wikipedia vandalism, I also got to know and like KRK Ryden, Gary Panter, Scott Cawthon, Jackson Pollock, Keith Haring, the rock band Batmobile, and Bob Ross.

In 2021, upon moving to Casper, Wyoming, starting to like the Sex Pistols and Sid Vicious thanks to the movie Goodfellas that had Sid's "My Way" in it, I happen to run across the band's infamous anarchist graphic artist Jamie Reid. He completely changed my life because his cut-and-paste ransom note collage artwork he did for the Pistols was as simple and similar as Terry Gilliam's Monty Python animations. The band made me angry a lot.

In 2022, when I was still living in Casper, I was with ACM at the Nicolaysen Art Museum, there they had a Wild West art show, and I saw Conrad Schwiering there, a painter from Wyoming and Colorado, who completely changed my life. This was right before the whole Mr. Ryan thing happened. Also around that same time, even after that, I start to discover a 19th-century South Dakota, Colorado, and Wyoming historical photographer named John C.H. Grabill, who took the famous cowboy on the horse South Dakota photo from 1887.

In 2023, moving back to Casper, Wyoming and starting to be with Daddy rather than Mimmy, I started to learn all about early film history, with Georges Méliès, having seen Martin Scorsese's movie Hugo about a fictionalized Méliès, William Kennedy Dickson and Thomas Edison, J. Stuart Blackton, and Eadweard Muybridge. I loved all of their earliest historical films ever, particularly the Dickson Greeting, which was extremely short and extremely simple. Also in 2023, I found out that Paul Reubens (Pee-Wee Herman) and Jamie Reid have died, as well as a Colorado landscape photographer named John Fielder, who also died after Reubens and Reid respectively, after Fielder's death, Daddy and I went to Fielder's History Colorado Museum exhibition dedicated to him and his work.

In 2024, the year of my "Clyde Bruckman addiction", I happen to discover online that almost everyone is using generative AI (artificial intelligence) technology to generate and create pictures of cartoon girls in tuxedos and many other images of almost anything. I wanted to do something like this to, and I did. Also that exact same year, having no more cartoon girl groups to have and create, I was able to create my own "Alison, Chelsea, Candy, and Veronica" out of the original Kicklines, Ashleys, and Kankers. It appeared to work for me as quickly and possible. Alison, Chelsea, and Candy look exactly just like their original Kickline coutnerpart designs but with some slight changes, but not Veronica, as I've made my own design and hair for her. Around the same time when I was with Laradon, things would change extremely big time for me. People like MrBeast, Bob Clampett, Elvis Presley, and the Spice Girls started to bother me and cause me bad memories.

Now that Daddy, the stuff I don't like, my anger/bad behavior/meltdowns, and Laradon are all offically gone for me for good, I am now a permanent, free person! I want to be myself and do my own artwork the way I want to! And that's everything about how I became an artist!