Here are all 100 of my most influential movies, TV shows, and videos of all time with my given reasons and opinions why:

Barney: Let's Go to the Farm (United States, 2005)
This is actually my favorite Barney DVD of all time, although I never watched Barney when I was little, but perfect for actually making fun of him! And by the way, I do like farms!

Beware of the Elephants (United Kingdom, 1968)
This was one early pre-Monty Python animation by Terry Gilliam for a British black-and-white comedy TV program.

The Cramp Twins: Mister Congeniality (United Kingdom, 2005)
This episode of one of my all-time favorite cartoon TV shows, the Cramp Twins, is about Lucien who attends a beauty pageant when he is a boy and not a girl, tuxedos are mentioned in this episode, but Lucien wears a pink dress to the pageant instead.

Blondie Goes to College (United States, 1942)
Clyde Bruckman actually co-wrote the story for this old live-aciton Blondie and Dagwood comedy movie as part of the Columbia film series.

Story Time (United Kingdom, 1979)
This Terry Gilliam animates short film features Don the Cockroach, The Albert Einstein Story, and The Christmas Card. Was compiled for the theatrical release of Monty Python's Life of Brian. These animations originally appeared on the TV shows The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine and Do Not Adjust Your Set.

J.R. "Bob" Dobbs and the Church of the SubGenius (United States, 2019)
Coincidentally, I actually did started liking the SubGenius the same year this documentary came out. President Donald Trump is also depicted in this documentary in news and TV footages too as well.

Pablo (United States, 2012)
This is a documentary about my favorite film typographer from my childhood of all time, Pablo Ferro.

And Now for Something Completely Different (United Kingdom, 1971)
Based on the Monty Python's Flying Circus TV program featuring remakes of sketches and Terry Gilliam animations from the original TV series.

Disorder in the Court (United States, 1936)
This is probably the Three Stooges' most famous comedy short due to it being in the public domain.

Miracle of Flight (United Kingdom, 1974)
This Terry Gilliam animation is about flying, people flying when they can't, and a funny king and a funny airport wanting humans, people, to actually fly when they still can't. I didn't know this originally appeared on the Marty Feldman Comedy Machine I guess.

Man on the Flying Trapeze (United States, 1935)
The last movie ever directed by Clyde Bruckman during his career, this stars W.C. Fields and Bruckman actually didn't direct all of it. Publicity photos of Bruckman with the glasses during the production of this movie exist.

Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus (Germany, 1972)
The German TV broadcast version of Monty Python's Flying Circus and yes this does have new Gilliam animations. Only 2 episodes exist.

The Golf Specialist (United States, 1930)
W.C. Fields does his best at golfing. I remember watching this one back in 2020 on my computer.

Pies and Guys (United States, 1958)
My favorite Three Stooges short with Joe Besser instead of Curly or Shemp.

Ernest and Bertram (United States, 2002)
This is a short film parodying Bert and Ernie from Sesame Street. Filmmakers were sued by Sesame Workshop lawyers after production.

Sesame Street: Learning About Letters (United States, 1986)
This is actually my favorite Sesame Street alphabet DVD/VHS.

Hollywood Steps Out (United States, 1941)
This Tex Avery cartoon Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies short features caricatures of famous actors as The Three Stooges, Buster Keaton, Oliver Hardy, and Groucho and Harpo Marx, as well as some men in tuxedos, pretty girls in dresses, and the hat and coat check girl in the black-and-white collared cuffed dress I like/love best.

Horses' Collars (United States, 1935)
This was the only Three Stooges short directed by Clyde Bruckman. In this one, Curly repeatedly shouts "Moe! Larry! The Cheese!"

Grover's Gay Gang and SupaaGrova (United States, 2007)
These series of Anti-Barney Bunch YouTube videos feature images (or edited images) of Grover from Sesame Street and other real people, characters, screenshots, etc. with offensive and inappopriate talking about hating the Barney Bunch and others. This actually influenced my former Wikipedia vandalism.

Time Piece (United States, 1965)
Jim Henson's Oscar-nominated experimental art short film outside of puppetry. I tried doing something like this myself, and really, I still can with only animated cut-outs.

Dutiful But Dumb (United States, 1941)
In this Three Stooges short, Curly messes around with a beer bottle and an oyster stew, and the Stooges' names in this short are "Click, Clack, and Cluck."

Arkansas Traveler (United States, 2017)
Sean Bridgers and Michael Hemschoot's attempt to make a Civil War miniseries. I find this very interesting and similar to Buster Keaton's The General, which is also on this list.

Cosmonut's Selfie Snacks: Why Is Mars Red? (United States, 2019)
One of the only 2 animations Michael Hemschoot ever did about Cosmonut the little astronaut guy we all know and love that he didn't even make a PBS Kids series about, Cosmonut is seen here talking about why Mars really is red.

Dr. Strangelove (United Kingdom, 1964)
I loved this movie as a kid because I loved Stanley Kubrick thanks to Saul Bass and Pablo Ferro who worked with him. My favorite parts included the opening handwritten credits by Pablo Ferro, riding the bomb, the Coca-Cola machine, the gun fights, and many more.

Sid and Nancy (United Kingdom, 1986)
This is the biopic about Sid Vicious and Nancy Spungen. Sid here is played by Gary Oldman.

Wedlock Deadlock (United States, 1947)
Clyde Bruckman wrote the story (originally for another film) for this Columbia comedy short starring a future-Three Stooges Curly Joe DeRita.

Way Out West (United States, 1937)
This Laurel and Hardy movie has them dancing to a song I really don't know why I sing so much, "At the Ball, That's All".

Cosmonut's Clean Hands Dance (United States, 2020)
The other one of the only 2 animations Michael Hemschoot ever did about Cosmonut the little astronaut guy we all know and love that he didn't even make a PBS Kids series about, Cosmonut and a Spanish character named El Doctor Intergaláctico that resembled Dr. José Morey (a real life Puetro Rican physician and intergalactic doctor involved in this animation) are dancing while kids should wash their hands during the COVID-19 pandemic as they watch this. This was also the last Worker Studio animation before they permanently shut down in 2020 due to the aforementioned pandemic.

Hugo (United States, 2011)
This Oscar-nominated Martin Scorsese-directed children's movie has a fictionalized version of film pioneer Georges Méliès and is based on a children's novel. I loved this one a lot back in 2023 when I was learning about the early history of movies in that year.

Rolling Down to Reno (United States, 1947)
Clyde Bruckman wrote the story (originally for another film) for this Columbia comedy short starring Harry von Zell, a famous radio announcer from the 1940's.

Feet First (United States, 1930)
Directed by Clyde Bruckman, and starring Harold Lloyd where he climbs a building and crying for help. I loved watching this one a lot since 2020. I once showed this movie to Miss Sami, Miss Clementine, and the Laradon Career Center.

Hold That Lion! (United States, 1947)
This is my favorite Three Stooges short with Shemp, also featuring a lion which was the same lion used in one of the MGM logos, as well as the cameo of former Stooge Curly.

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Nagged to Ed (Canada, 1999)
The Kanker Sisters, one of my all-time favorite cartoon girl groups, make their first appearance in this Ed, Edd n Eddy episode, introducing themselves to the Eds inside their trailer home.

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Over Your Ed (Canada, 1999)
This episode of Ed, Edd n Eddy has the Kanker Sisters stealing the Eds' money and piggy bank.

A Saul Bass Short Film (United States, 2021)
This can be found on Vimeo. Someone made this video paying tribute to Saul Bass, features all of his logos in one part, has Saul Bass-homage graphics and history, and old interview audio dialogue said by Bass himself.

It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (United States, 1963)
I loved this movie a lot when I was a kid, because of the colorful animated cartoon opening credits by Saul Bass, as well as the cameos of the famous people including the Three Stooges and Buster Keaton.

Sesame Street: Three Bears a New Baby (United States, 2003)
My favorite Sesame Street character, Baby Bear, get's a baby sister, Curly Bear! Rev. Cowboy Baby Bear is my Sesame Street SubGenius parody character, so this one would be my favorite.

Terry Gilliam's Personal Best (United Kingdom, 2006)
As part of the Monty Python's Personal Best DVD series, Gilliam selects his favorite animations he did for the Flying Circus TV show, as all shown in this DVD compilation.

Jammy Man (United States, 2019)
Michael Hemschoot and Worker Studio did 2 animated music videos for an indie children's band called Jammy Man and Tumbly Tumbler. The 2 music videos are called "Pick It Up" and "Turn Off the TV". This reminds me of the cartoons on the video screen at Chuck E. Cheese.

The Battle of the Century (United States, 1927)
Clyde Bruckman directs Laurel and Hardy in this memorable silent short film featuring a big pie fight with over 1000 pie fights used.

Three Ages (United States, 1923)
The first time Clyde Bruckman ever worked for Buster Keaton with this silent movie, Keaton parodies the silent movie Intolerance with his own three different humorous ages: Modern times in 1923, Ancient Rome times, and prehistoric times.

A Clockwork Orange (United Kingdom, 1971)
This was the Stanley Kubrick movie I should not have watched as a kid got me into lots of trouble, bullying, violence, bad memories, internet trolling, and many more since 2015. Pablo Ferro also worked on this movie too as well.

Duck Soup (United States, 1933)
I used to love the Marx Brothers when I was a kid, and this was my favorite from them. This is their most famous movie of all time, and often thought to be one of the greatest movies of all time.

Sesame Street: Elmo Saves Christmas (United States, 1996)
Elmo and Santa Claus know you can't have Christmas every day!

Disney's Recess: First Name Ashley (United States, 1997)
The Ashleys are one of my all-time favorite cartoon girl groups ever. In this episode, The Ashleys make "Ashley" Spinelli into "one of them"!

The Library of You (United States, 2018)
Michael Hemschoot animated this for the University of Colorado Health's Cancer Research Project thing. This is quite very interesting and can remind me of my good old days at the Children's Hospital Colorado!

The Untamable Whiskers (France, 1904)
My favorite Georges Méliès film where he draws faces on the chalkboard and, with special effects, magically transforms into those faces.

The Happytime Murders (United States, 2018)
This R-rated puppet movie by Jim Henson's own son Brian gave me lots of nightmares ever since it came out!

Women Try Tuxedos for the First Time (United States, 2015)
Since I love girls in tuxedos so much, I  gotta have this one on here. This BuzzFeed video shows four real life girls in their regular clothes dressing up in tuxedos and giving out their opinions and thoughts.

Down to Earth (United States, 1917)
This is perhaps my #1 favorite silent movie of all time. I've loved it ever since I watched in back in 2020. This stars Douglas Fairbanks.

The General (United States, 1926)
This Buster Keaton silent masterpiece got me into Clyde Bruckman for the first time due to him co-directing (and also co-writing) this silent movie.

The Fatal Glass of Beer (United States, 1933)
This is a very humorous W.C. Fields short comedy directed by Clyde Bruckman that is in the public domain.

The Finishing Touch (United States, 1928)
Clyde Bruckman once again directs this Laurel and Hardy silent comedy short in which they attempt to build a house for an instructor.

Three Little Pigs (United States, 1933)
The only Disney movie on this list, this one taught me something interesting: They had to reanimate the Fuller Brush Man Big Bad Wolf scene for the 1948 re-release because the original from 1933 has the Wolf disgusing as a Jewish Peddler. "I'm the Fuller brush man! I'm working my way through college!" or "I'm the Fuller brush man! I'm giving you a free sample!"

Animal Locomotion (United States, 1887)
Of course, these 19th century moving pictures were the predecessor of the movie, the animation, as well as the online animated GIF. Eadweard Muybridge made all of these right before the movie ever existed, whether it's a horse, a person, a lion, a bison, an elephant, or a bird, in motion.

Dickson Greeting (United States, 1891)
I loved this one a lot back in 2023 when I was learning about early movie history at the time. I did my very own versions of this back then.

The Enchanted Drawing (United States, 1900)
By J. Stuart Blackton, one of the very first animated cartoon films shows a real life artist, his easel, a drawing of a person, and many more magically coming to life, out of the easel!

Humorous Phases of Funny Faces (United States, 1906)
Also by J. Stuart Blackton, another one of the very first animated cartoon films, combines chalkboard animation, hand-drawn animation, and cut-out animation, all in one film.

Tall, Dark and Gruesome (United States, 1948)
Clyde Bruckman actually wrote for a crazy gorilla in this one!

Disney's Recess: Jinxed (United States, 1997)
The Ashleys jinx Gus and steal his harmonica in this one. Gus cannot talk now until they say his name!

Disney's Recess: The Beauty Contest (United States, 1997)
The Ashleys, all dressed in formal dresses, attend a beauty pageant and have Spinelli enter as a joke. She actually won this pageant!

Pretty Little Liars: Welcome to the Dollhouse (United States, 2015)
This is my favorite episode of Pretty Little Liars, which is about a group of four girls but not a cartoon. In this episode, all four girls are arrested and imprisoned in orange jumpsuits for a mysterious murder.

Pep Boys Commercial (United States, 1984)
This is my favorite Pep Boys commercial, so I chose this one. The cartoon animation at the end of this particular Pep Boys commercial that I really like shows Manny, Moe and Jack's heads appearing and moving briefly and the very end.

Kid Pix: Using Print Screen as a Workaround (United States, 2016)
This YouTube video actually taught me how to actually take a screenshot of my computer using the Print Screen key on my keyboard.

Disney's Recess: Outcast Ashley (United States, 1997)
The other three Ashleys kick leader Ashley A. out of the group for not wearing purple (and instead yellow) on Purple Day which is the Ashleys' official holiday based on the first time they met as little kids where they all wore purple on that exact same day.

The Cramp Twins: Mommy Mania (United Kingdom, 2004)
This episode of the Cramp Twins replaces Dorothy Cramp with teacher Miss Hissy as the Twins' mother. Also, Lucien is actually seen in this episode in one part wearing a tuxedo that Miss Hissy forces him to wear.

The Cramp Twins: Lion Worrier (United Kingdom, 2005)
This episode of the Cramp Twins is about Wayne Cramp who tries to be a lion tamer for school show-and-tell, as suggested by Lucien's best school friend Mari. I think every main character in the show appears in this episode.

Kevin Being Elmo and Elmo's Errands (United States, 2009)
This old YouTube video has Elmo going to McDonald's, the barber shop, the ATM machine, and the Publix grocery store. This video reminds me of Logan Thirtyacre and going out with myself, Mimmy, or Daddy.

Mario and Tony Watch Blue's Clues (United States, 2007)
One of the earliest Logan Thirtyacre YouTube videos ever with the Mario and Tony the Tiger plush dolls in it!

Mario and Tony Watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse (United States, 2007)
Same as the previous video on this list.

Meet the Feebles (New Zealand, 1989)
Future Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson makes fun of the Muppets in this adult parody movie.

The Wiggles: Space Dancing (Australia, 2003)
One of my early childhood favorites featuring the Original Wiggles: Greg, Murray, Jeff, and Anthony.

The Wiggles: The Sound of Halloween (Australia, 2023)
This Wiggles video is the first to feature the current line-up of Tsehay, Evie, Caterina, Lucia, Anthony, Lachy, Simon, and John, as well as the first not to be released on DVD.

The Wiggles: The Sound of Christmas (Australia, 2023)
Same as the previous video on this list, except it's Christmas instead of Halloween this time.

Windows XP Installation Full Tutorial (United States, 2012)
I love this one a lot as it teaches you everything about setting up a Windows XP computer and operating system. Perfect for setting up my Windows XP Virtual Machine if I need to get another one on my computer again.

Everything's Rosie (United States, 1931)
Clyde Bruckman directs Robert Woolsey from Wheeler and Woolsey in his only solo movie. Can you imagine Daddy being in a movie like this?

How to Repair Blue Screen and Safe Mode (United States, 2006)
I believe this was one of the earliest videos on YouTube about how to fix your computer, and yes, this computer is a Windows XP.

How to Format and Reinstall Windows XP (United States, 2007)
Again, this also may have been one of the earliest videos on YouTube about how to fix your computer, and yes, once again, this computer is also a Windows XP.

The Great Rock 'N' Roll Swindle (United Kingdom, 1980)
This Sex Pistols movie has all the great songs along with on the original studio album soundtrack of the same name: My Way, C'mon Everybody, Something Else, No One is Innocent, Belsen Was a Gas, Silly Thing, Lonely Boy, I Wanna Be Me, and the title song.

The Caramelldensen (United States, 2008)
Logan Thirtyacre makes random characters dance!

Shrek's Big Crap (United States, 2009)
Shrek has to go to the bathroom, says Logan Thirtyacre!

Go!Animate: The Movie (United States, 2013)
Childhood favorite of mine, GoAnimate was just everything to me back in the day when I was a kid, but not anymore as nowadays I sometimes cannot stand it anymore. And by the way, this is considered a fake movie, but was actually made using the website and can be found on YouTube in it's entirety.

The X-Files: Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose (United States, 1995)
This X-Files episode was named after Clyde Bruckman! But no, I'm no X-Files fan! So this is the only one on here!

Shrimpo Hunter Episode 3 (United States, 2011)
Logan Thirtyacre says that Woody's going to Taco Bell to get himself some "shrimpo burritos"!

SLL Lost It's Ads (United States, 2018)
Logan Thirtyacre's upset about his SuperLuigiLogan account getting demonetized! Now they don't want him doing it anymore! Having seen this many many times, this led to my repetitive talking and problems. Goodness! Why do I keep talking like him all the time over all the similar problems I have?

The Do-It-Yourself Film Animation Show with Terry Gilliam (United Kingdom, 1974)
Hosted by British cartoonist and animator Bob Godfrey, this taught me a lot!

Meet the Letters (United States, 2004)
A childhood favorite of mine, very calming, and very fun for any kid learning their ABC's!

Special Kids: The Alphabet (United States, 1996)
This DVD/VHS teaches kids EVERY SINGLE THING about the alphabet! That's why I like it so much!

Mr. Men: The Great Alphabet Hunt (United Kingdom, 1992)
These Mr. Men and Little Miss characters look just like the characters I draw! I have watched this on YouTube since I was little.

How to Teach a Child to Read: Letter Sounds (United States, 2012)
I love this video on YouTube with the woman with the letter magnets explaining all the letters of the alphabet and the sounds they make.

The English Alphabet with Teacher Tom (United States, 2012)
I also love this video on YouTube with the man and all the letters written down on the whiteboard and some repeating of saying each and every letter.

Pee-Wee Pictures Logo Animation (United States, 1986)
My former biggest childhood fear ever, this piece of claymation graphic design from Pee-Wee's Playhouse extremely influences me, with the P cactus, W octopus, the S stairwell, the U dolphin, the E's, and everything else.

Goodfellas (United States, 1990)
This was the movie that led to my interest in the Sex Pistols due to Sid Vicious' version of My Way playing at the end. Also Saul Bass did the opening credits.

Mario and Tony Easter Special (United States, 2008)
Mario and Tony have found eggs, says Logan Thirtyacre!

Mario and Tony Find a Ladybug (United States, 2008)
Mario and Tony have found a ladybug, says Logan Thirtyacre! "Hey Mario! Let's go watch Blue's Clues now!" Oh boy! Logan Thirtyacre's just like Daddy!

ABC Blocks (United States, 2011)
These Alphabet of Today blocks represent a social media icon and logo that was back in 2011. I loved this a lot when I was little and it was very interesting. Perfect for Wikimedia Commons, but not really!

How to Make Cheese Pretzels at Wetzel's Pretzels (United States, 2008)
Wetzel's Pretzels is one of my favorite food places of all time. This takes place at Universal CityWalk. In Florida or Hollywood, California? I don't exactly know which one this was from.

Pee-Wee's Big Adventure (United States, 1985)
A childhood memory of mine for both me and Daddy! R.I.P. Pee-Wee Herman!

Arise! The SubGenius Movie (United States, 1992)
Holy Poop Dog Pee Dog! It's "Bob"!

Terry Gilliam Teaches Monty Python Animation (United Kingdom, 1970)
Ta-da! The one that completely changed everything for me! Now I know how to animate thanks to him and the Statue of David! Thank you all for reading all of this! Goodbye!