You know, I don't like 20th century culture anymore because it's just way too old. Everything. Pee-Wee Herman, Elvis Presley, The Beatles, Monty Python, The Three Stooges, Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton, Walt Disney, The Sex Pistols, all of them. No one talks about this stuff really anymore. Nor should I.

And I don't like any of what we have now in the 2020's either. MrBeast, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, AI, TikTok, the COVID-19 pandemic, everything. But even though we cannot get out of it at all, we all have to live with all of it.

The reason why I never, ever, ever wanted to be with Daddy ever again for the rest of my life was because he was bothering me the last time I was with him and that nowadays I'm actually too old to be with him and that I prefer to be with Mimmy instead. Daddy's just way too old. He really is. So old.

The Church of the SubGenius was the worst mistake I've ever made, and so have Terry Gilliam, The Current Wiggles, Clyde Bruckman, The Sex Pistols, Logan Thirtyacre, and some of the Cartoon Girls including The Ashleys and The Kanker Sisters.

You see, I'm too old for this stuff. I'm too old to misbehave, cuss, act up, and get in trouble all the time. I don't like any of it. I just want this life and family to change extremely big time for real. And yes, I can definitely like myself and my future starting right now.

I can just stay here in Denver, and for my future, I need a job. I didn't like the food deliveries and the ARC Thrift Store working at first, but because of what Mimmy and I talked about last night, now I think I do and I will actually like it. Raymie has her future like this too! And I totally understand all of it!

I can still like/love the Alphabet, my Windows XP and 7 Virtual machines, Saul Bass, logos, Adobe Flash Games, and tuxedos, but I never talk about any of them, not even to anybody just to take care of all of them, I just do stuff with all of these calmly, quietly, and soothing every day. And it's so much fun!

The 2000's (2000-2009), which were 20 years ago, are my favorite decade because it's very calmer for me and there was XP, 7, Adobe Flash Games, Sesame Street, all the good stuff I like best, not that 20th century culture crap, or the current world 2020 crap that we have today as I don't like any of them at all.

I just want to be the real adult I need to be where what happened in the past will not happen to me ever again for good. I completely understand the 2020's, I completely understand who MrBeast and Elon Musk are, I completely understand AI, what TikTok is, and what the COVID-19 pandemic was, and I completely understand the life, behavior, crimes, and the two presidencies (one being current, one being previously from the past) of Donald Trump.

I'm very sorry about what happened on May 26th, 2024 which was the first time I ever knew MrBeast outside of YouTube, Daddy's "you were talking" thing and his bare hand puppet relating to that bothering me the whole time, and the last time Daddy would ever have his independent home and house painting business in his life. I didn't like any of it, at all.

Also, Mimmy saying "K" and "What?" and all that other stuff shouldn't bother me at all. Mom is actually very calming for me, not Dad, as in my opinion, moms are way better than dads.

I just want a better, fresh new life, to where bad memories and older past stuff won't happen to me ever again for good. Because I just don't like any of it, I'm tired of talking about it.

And thank god Mr. Ryan's officially gone forever for good because we no longer talk or think about him or bring him up as we are no longer gonna be in Wyoming ever again for good.

I always wanted to be a famous artist, animator, and filmmaker when I grow up, just like Terry Gilliam, and work for Michael Hemschoot right here in Colorado and be friends with him someday, but since it may not work at all, I'll just simply go for working at the ARC Thrift Store and doing the food deliveries again only once a week as this is what the kind of stuff Raymie and I should be doing according to Mimmy, Laradon, and the State of Colorado.

Mimmy is nothing like Daddy. She just tries for me! That's all! Because when we love someone, we care about them. I don't want Mimmy to act or talk like Daddy, no, not at all, because I don't like it, at all. We're all different, aren't we? I learned that this is important life stuff nowadays. The 18th century, 1890's, 1900's, 1910's, 1920's, 1930's, 1950's, 1960's, 1970's, and 1980's are all way too old now and the current 2020's are ruining everything for all of us, but they shouldn't be bad at all for some people.

Dr. Klein, Dr. Lauren, Mimmy, and Laradon are helping me with everything I need to do, just like what I always wanted so badly for my future in 2025 and beyond. And I didn't like it at first, but eventually, I will, and I do now.

My stupid Wikipedia/Wikimedia Commons vandalism and stupid Google Image Searches are about coming to an end it seems like, and that's good, because it's allchildish behavior and that it's getting old. Even my GoAnimate interest is getting old too, I don't like it either. I had to watch the Wiggles, Pee-Wee's Playhouse, and the Three Stooges when I was little for a reason, and now they're all gone forever. It's over. It's gone. I also remember Daddy's talking too much thing too.

So, now that I'm 20 years old living in March 2025, things will change for me. I understand everything about the current 2020's, I completely understand. Because like I said the 1930's, 1960's, and 1980's are very old now. I also understand that even though Mimmy is old too, 64 years old now, I don't want her to die, I want her to stay alive and live with me forever until she dies eventually, and when I get older just like her, it will be sad, but I'll have to get used to it somehow.

I just need to prevent bad moments and childish behavior from happening to me again now that I'm an adult, and that's exactly what were working on now. When the 2020's first arrived in 2020, I did not know what was going on at all, until now. Back in the 2010's, where was when Trump first became president in 2017, I was a lot like Logan Thirtyacre, being childish with GoAnimate and all that other stuff and learning history stuff, but when I was a baby in the 2000's, everything was much more calmer and happier for me.

OK. So when I start doing things that will not have me be in my bedroom and computer all the time, still having to play on my computer and being in my bedroom whenever I want when I get home, then my life will get much more happier, safer, calmer, quieter, and better. Right? Now that I'm extremely changed big time in the year 2025 and the age of 20? Well, what do you think?